well hey people and welcome to my
second tutorial from cydia i will
show you today how you like the program
gets installed and whatsapp
messenger
Of course I could do that in two
tutorials make but I think so
slightly unnecessary because I as a basic idea
actually only whatsapp messenger as
that you get as a tutorial
wanted
and since you're in favor of everything, I need it
now all the same with it as it goes
always on cydia
and I wanted to say that again
I do the tutorials all over the ipod
So it will be called in this
case that the tutorial is about how
her whatsapp messenger about an ipod and
the ipad gets
unfortunately it takes me quite a long time
mentioned in the last tutorial that
to record via the display recorder
I will record and I will
desired also to do a tutorial
then you go looking for oh yes for it
but if you already make sense of the source
iphone re.com has added then
that is no problem with ins
but if they are not
added
I'm going to the source again in the
description will pack that then you still
could add if you still have them
do not have then you look for her
yes, install it here as 5 always on it
click on install here up town
would change with you then
then you stand clicks
get on install now
confirm then it goes down and then
you can also right about whatsapp
messenger can you whats app
download
that does not come from the
reasonable iphone re.com source but
that's what cydia already has
provided for free then goes
You also have to install it and
if you can then confirm
you have downloaded everything too
so far for in stars & whatsapp messenger
prepare these spots pad that will
not as in the settings
show up or just because it just
there is the whatsapp messenger for that
that's as if you were yours
ipod around her in which that
Operating system for the ipod and the ipad
as a messenger that her
whatsapp messenger on your ipad
I work on an ipod or ipad
do not know exactly how I say so
now it's not right
application if you can change something
or something like that
it's just it's running in, so to speak
background yes and then if you are
then
Everything has finished loading down
you go on install then you go up
search and search there then you come here
on whatsapp messenger then you go up
download and I always recommend you
to take magnet as this you have
you do not come to any
where you still have some
Enter codes to download
or so but then the download will be
automatically started then if you that
finished download you go up
to install
Excuse me , I have to talk to you shortly
go on the phone yes there I am again
by now he has whats app
I would like to install you there now
do not show it further or something
and then have fun with watts and with
instaload the problem I got to that
status still wants to say
the problem is I have already tried
nova or nva that works
Not
I do not know why but yes
that was it from my own
tutorial then in the next tutorial in
next year I will tutorial one
review about display recorder what
she still sees and then I hope
that you liked the tutorial and
see you next time